New values and types chapter (#516)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/values-and-types/temporal.adoc

:description: Cypher has built-in support for handling temporal values, and the underlying database supports storing these temporal values as properties on nodes and relationships.

[[cypher-temporal]]
= Temporal values

> Cypher has built-in support for handling temporal values, which are stored as properties on nodes and relationships in Neo4j databases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypher has built-in support for handling temporal values, which can be stored as properties on nodes and relationships in Neo4j databases. 
```

> 

Reviewer: > *When `date` and `time` are combined, `date` must be complete; i.e. fully identify a particular day.

I don't understand this one to be honest

[[cypher-temporal-specify-time]]
=== Specifying times

[options="header"]

> |===

Reviewer: > | `fraction` | `sssssssss` | Specified with a number from `0` to `999999999`. It is not required to specify trailing zeros.

Is trailing zeroes correct here? I would have thought trailing mean after, so 90 and 9 are not the same, but 09 and 9 are (where the zero is in front, so not a trailing one). I can't come up with the opposite of trailer right now though hehe

Author: possibly leading zeros?

Reviewer: Yes, that is the word!
